I've amassed quite a collection of information security PDFs, and I would like to share with anyone who would like to read them. I believe that access to information should be free. Listed below are the books I have in my digital library, sorted by topic. In the coming weeks I'll be working on a guide for all the tools I've used and the resources that helped me learn cyber security. Send me a DM with your email and what books you'd like to read.
https://www.facebook.com/caitlinannettelong/posts/2249031748467367
General Security Concepts:
PoC||GTFO (Proof of Concept or GTFO) - Travis Goodspeed
The Art of Intrusion - Kevin Mitnick, William L. Simon
Secrets and Lies: Digital Security in a Networked World - Bruce Schneier
Security Engineering, 2nd edition - Ross Anderson
Hacking: The Art of Exploitation, 2nd edition - Jon Erickson
Threat Modeling: Designing for Security - Adam Shostack
A Bug Hunter’s Diary: A Guided Tour through the Wilds of Software Security - Tobias Klein
The Shellcoder’s Handbook: Discovering and Exploiting Security Holes - Chris Anley, John Heasman, Felix “FX” Linder, Gerardo Richarte
Malware Analyst’s Cookbook: Tools and Techniques for Fighting Malicious Code - Michael Hale Ligh, Steven Adair, Blake Hartstein, Matthew Richard
Malware Data Science: Attack Detection and Attribution - Joshua Saxe and Hillary Sanders
SSH, The Secure Shell: A Definitive Guide - Daniel J. Barrett, Richard Silverman

Cryptography:
Cryptography Engineering: Designs, Principles, and Practical Applications - Niels Ferguson, Bruce Schneier, Tadayoshi Kohno
Serious Cryptography: A Practical Introduction to Modern Encryption - Jean-Philippe Aumasson
Cryptography Made Simple - Nigel P. Smart

Reverse Engineering:
Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering - Eldad Eilam
Hacking the Xbox: An Introduction to Reverse Engineering - Andrew “bunnie” Huang
Practical Reverse Engineering: x86, x64, ARM, Windows Kernel, Reversing Tools and Obfuscation - Bruce Dang, Alexandre Gazet, Elias Bachaalany
The IDA Pro Book, 2nd edition - Chris Eagle

Social Engineering:
Social Engineering: The Art of Human Hacking - Christopher Hadnagy
The Art of Deception - Kevin Mitnick

Network Security:
The Practice of Network Security Monitoring: Understanding Incident Detection and Response - Richard Bejtlich
Practical Packet Analysis: Using Wireshark to Solve Real-World Network Problems, 3rd edition - Chris Sanders
Attacking Network Protocols: A Hacker’s Guide to Capture, Analysis, and Exploitation - James Forshaw
Wireshark for Security Professionals - Jessey Bullock, Jeff T. Parker

Linux and Python:
Python Playground: Geeky Projects for the Curious Programmer - Mahesh Venkitachalam
Automate the Boring Stuff with Python: Practical Programming for Total Beginners - Al Sweigart
Intro to BASH Programming - Mikey G
Think Like a Programmer: An Introduction to Creative Problem Solving - V. Anton Spraul
The Linux Command Line - William E. Shotts, Jr
Hacking Secret Ciphers with Python - Al Sweigart
Linux Basics for Hackers - Occupytheweb
Kali Linux Cookbook - Willie L. Pritchett, David De Smet
Advanced BASH Scripting Guide - Mendel Cooper
Designing BSD Rootkits: An Introduction to Kernel Hacking - Joseph Kong
Practical Binary Analysis: Build Your Own Linux Tools For Binary Instrumentation, Analysis, and Disassembly - Dennis Andriesse
